
I have included the test data used to create the functions in this package as a CSV file that can be easily imported into RStudio. The data set included 1,561 observations and 13 variables. Any dataset that is named "airbnb" and has the same 13 columns as the test dataset can be used as a substitute.

This package was created to make it easy to analyze Airbnb listing Data. I used the Data of listings in the city of Chicago, Illinois. I created a function called Clean_airbnb(), which will clean an unstructured dataset and make it so that the data is easier to work with for R. After you could use Summary_airbnb(), which gives you basic stats about the dataset, for example, the median price. There are also two plot functions in the package, because with larger datasets, sometimes it is easier to analyze with a visual. The first one is plot_airbnb(), which produces a histogram of the price distribution for the entire set. Also, whatever city you decide to import using the function price_by_roomtype () does exactly what it says and generates box plots for the three kinds of Airbnb types and graphs the ranges of their prices. So instead of just seeing the distribution for every observation, you can break it down into groups, which can better highlight price trends. For further analysis, there is the Detect_outliers() function, which will create a new column at the end and say either TRUE/FALSE if the price registers as an outlier. There is also a way to rank which neighborhoods are the best since the location of each Airbnb property is available; that's why I created Top_neighborhoods () so that you could pass the data through the methods and find the neighborhoods with the best scores.
